docs(review): review docs 17/2023 (#1581)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/gpu/how-to/use-gpu-with-docker.mdx

## How to access the GPU from the inside of a Docker container

> You can access the GPU of your Instance from the inside of a Docker container thanks to the preinstalled `nvidia-docker` tool.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the GPU of your Instance from the inside of a Docker container using the preinstalled `nvidia-docker` tool.
```
